docs: authentication, UI5 obj API alignment, wdi5.url deprecation, and more (#375)
ui5-community/wdi5: docs/recipes.md

```

?> Note: More info on this see: https://github.com/SAP/ui5-uiveri5/blob/master/docs/usage/locators.md#interaction-adapters

## using wdio functions

> WebdriverIO has a extensive element [API](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/). The [Element API] specifically can be quite useful to check if the page elements are in a certain state eg. [isDisplayed](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/element/isDisplayed) or [isClickable](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/element/isClickable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebdriverIO has a extensive element [API](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/). The [Element API] specifically can be quite useful to check if the page elements are in a certain state e.g. [isDisplayed](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/element/isDisplayed) or [isClickable](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/element/isClickable).
```
